docs: Adds Daggerverse page to quickstart (#6830)
dagger/dagger: docs/current_docs/quickstart/183917-daggerverse.mdx

---
slug: /quickstart/183917/daggerverse
hide_table_of_contents: true
title: "Use modules from the Daggerverse"
---

# Quickstart

> ## Use modules from the Daggerverse

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Find functions on the Daggerverse
```

> As you've seen in previous sections, modules can be consumed from remote sources like GitHub, or installed and used locally. The [Daggerverse](https://daggerverse.dev) is an online catalog of Dagger modules that enables users to easily discover and use modules created by the Dagger community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you've seen in previous sections, functions are designed to be easily shared and reused: all you need it the git URL of a module, and you can call all the functions from that module.

But how to find useful modules? Enter *the Daggerverse*.

The [Daggerverse](https://daggerverse.dev) is a free service run by Dagger, which indexes all publicly available Dagger modules, and lets you easily search and consume them.

Using the Daggerverse, you can easily discover great modules being developed by the community, learn how they work, and start using them. Since modules are just source code, it's easy to contribute to them, too!
```

> All Dagger CLI commands work as expected with Daggerverse URLs. Here are a few more examples for you to try:

Reviewer: This is confusing, it makes it seem like there are "Daggerverse URLs" as opposed to "non-Daggerverse URLs".

In fact Daggerverse does not affect URLs at all: it just indexes all modules so that you can find them.

Author: I saw you updated this, marking as resolved

> All Dagger CLI commands work as expected with Daggerverse URLs. Here are a few more examples for you to try:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the Daggerverse is optional, and does not change how you use Dagger. If you find a module you like, simply copy its URL, and use it the usual way.

Here are a few modules to explore:
```

> - [Publish a container to the ttlsh registry](https://daggerverse.dev/mod/github.com/shykes/daggerverse/ttlsh): `dagger -m github.com/shykes/daggerverse/ttlsh call publish --ctr=alpine:latest`
> - [Play a game of yamlinvaders](https://daggerverse.dev/mod/github.com/sipsma/daggerverse/yamlinvaders): `dagger -m github.com/sipsma/daggerverse/yamlinvaders call play terminal`
> - [Stitch videos together](https://daggerverse.dev/mod/github.com/marcosnils/daggerverse/videostitch): `wget -q https://download.samplelib.com/mp4/sample-5s.mp4 && wget -q https://download.samplelib.com/mp4/sample-10s.mp4 && dagger -m github.com/marcosnils/daggerverse/videostitch@main call -o output.mp4 stitch --src-dir=.`
> - [Scan a container image for vulnerabilities](https://daggerverse.dev/mod/github.com/jpadams/daggerverse/trivy): `dagger -m github.com/jpadams/daggerverse/trivy scan-image call --image-ref=alpine/git:latest`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Scan a container image for vulnerabilities](https://daggerverse.dev/mod/github.com/jpadams/daggerverse/trivy)
- [Stitch videos together](https://daggerverse.dev/mod/github.com/marcosnils/daggerverse/videostitch)
- [Build a Go project](https://daggerverse.dev/mod/github.com/kpenfound/dagger-modules/golang)
- [Play a game of yamlinvaders](https://daggerverse.dev/mod/github.com/sipsma/daggerverse/yamlinvaders)
- [Generate GIFs of interactive terminal sessions](https://daggerverse.dev/mod/github.com/shykes/daggerverse/termcast)
- [Integrate with Terraform](https://daggerverse.dev/mod/github.com/Excoriate/daggerverse/terraform)
```

Author: @shykes instead of having only links as suggested above, I included an example `dagger call` command for each. I thought this would get a user engaged immediately, by being able to try a module without needing to refer to its docs first. Was there a specific reason you removed those? If compat is a concern, I can add version numbers to each command.

Reviewer: > @shykes instead of having only links as suggested above, I included an example `dagger call` command for each. I thought this would get a user engaged immediately, by being able to try a module without needing to refer to its docs first. Was there a specific reason you removed those? If compat is a concern, I can add version numbers to each command.

IMO the `dagger call` examples don't show how to use the daggerverse; they simply show new variations of what we've already showed in previous sections: how to call a function once you know its module's URL.

In this section we show how to search for modules in the daggerverse: linking to a few modules pages, to show results of possible searches, accomplishes that.

> try a module without needing to refer to its docs first

In this section, clicking through to the docs is the point.

One possibility, is to start this section with an intro paragrap that shows *just the `dagger call` commands*. The paragraph says "Dagger's superpower is its community. All around the world, Daggernauts are encoding their expertise into functions, and sharing them for anyone to reuse. (examples). But how to the perfect function for the job? (transition to next section: the daggerverse, how to search, examples of links, etc)

Author: I like the second option, added it now. Please let me know your thoughts @shykes, or approve if OK - thank you!
